update changelog and RELEASE NOTES (#8912)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.42.2 "Stargate" Release Notes

This maintenance release includes various bugfixes and performance improvements, and it does not introduce any breaking changes.

See the [Cosmos SDK v0.42.2 milestone](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/milestone/41?closed=1) on our issue tracker for further details.

### Keyring UX improvement

> A number of macOS [users have reported](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8809) that their operating system's `keychain` prompt them for password to unlock the

Reviewer: is this just weird spacing on this PR or is there an unintended line break here?

Author: It's markdown, so the text will be rendered in a single line anyway

keyring when using the `os` backend before executing any action. This release includes a small fix that automatically
adjusts applications keyring trust so that users are prompted for password only once when the keyring is unlocked.

### Tx search results support for order-by

Although the Tendermint Core's RPC `tx_search` endpoint has been supporting an order-by parameter for quite some time now,

> the Cosmos SDK was in fact preventing the application to customise such parameter by automatically setting requests' order-by to "".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Cosmos SDK did not respect the order-by parameter and incorrectly set the requests order-by to "" (null).
```

This releases introduces [the relevant order-by parameter support](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8686) when searching through Txs.

### Multisig accounts and v0.40 genesis files migration

> This release includes a bug fix for [a v0.40 migration issue](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8776) affecting genesis files that contain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release includes a bug fix for [a v0.39 to v0.42 migration issue](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/8776) affecting genesis files that contain
```

> multisig accounts was reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multisig accounts.
```
